feat: support kafka consumer for pubsub scenario (#6995)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/pubsub.md

#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
-->

## What is Pub-Sub

Publish-subscribe is a messaging paradigm in which message producers do not send messages directly to message consumers, but are relayed by a specific broker that caches messages sent by producers and then actively pushes them to subscribed consumers or pulls them by consumers. This pattern is often used in system architectures for system decoupling or to handle high traffic scenarios.

In Apache APISIX, the most common scenario is for handling north-south traffic from the server to the client. If we can combine it with a publish-subscribe scenario, we can achieve more powerful features, such as real-time collaboration on online documents, online games, etc.

## Architecture

![pub-sub architecture](../../assets/images/pubsub-architecture.svg)

> Currently, Apache APISIX supports WebSocket communication with the client, which can be any application that supports WebSocket, with a custom Protocol Buffer as the application layer communication protocol, see the [protocol definition](../../../apisix/pubsub.proto).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Apache APISIX supports WebSocket communication with the client, which can be any application that supports WebSocket, with Protocol Buffer as the serialization mechanism, see the [protocol definition](../../../apisix/pubsub.proto).
```

Author: changed
